1. Ease to develop (for developers)
    Python: Easy to to learn for beginners, to read, and to connect with other files, but require experience with different module to develop more effectively.
    Tableau: Also, easy to learn at the beginning, and more intuitive because of its graphical previews. Not in code form, thus not easy to share source file.
    D3: Abundant methods to customize in developing with code format. Need experience to get familiar with the use of attributes while setting them in programming.

2. Ease to maintain the visualization (for developers)
    Python: Able to maintain with more attention to the change of attributes in function settings.
    Tableau: Always graphically visualizable.
    D3: Sometimes unable to visualize the developed results because of the errors inside the codes.

3. Usability of visualization developed (for end users)
    Python: Fair. Especially easy for the visualization of calculation and scientific simulation.
    Tableau: Almost disabled. Mostly communicate with end users with only PNG files or other formats of pictures.
    D3: Convenience. The source code can be easily attained and used for continuous development.

4. Scalability of visualization to “large” datasets
    Python: Python is deficient in computing and running rate, thus it 	is not the best choice for the visualization of large scale datasets.
    Tableau: GUI operating is able to handle large datasets, but sometimes troublesome to manage if there are too many kinds of parameters involved in the graph.
    D3: Appropriate for large datasets. Developers can make visualization design with simpler operation such as packing parameters in a single function.

5. System requirements to run the visualization (e.g., browsers, OS, software licensing) (for end users)
    Python: Python compiler, or related IDEs, free.
    Tableau: Tableau software, not free.
    D3: Need related compiler or IDEs as well, and also browsers (Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.) to preview.
